**Privacy Policy**

piyush kakadiya built the BalTech app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by piyush kakadiya at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at BalTech unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Permissions**

All functionality is available without special access

My app not needed any extra permission (like contacts, message, notification, images, location, etc...)

**User Data**

My app will not collect any non-personal data. I use technologies like cookies for my apps (small storage file in your device) for delivering a better experience.

My app will not logs any of your personal data (like, device ID, location, analytics etc...)

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.

But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
* [Countries List](http://restcountries.eu/)
* [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)

**Children’s Privacy**

I will serve child friendly ads through third party advertisement platform.
*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)

My app does not in-app purchase

If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-05-01

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at pbkakadiya43@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
